This is not
Uh-huh.
After the exam, my mother will give me the experience
Do I have the money to invite you to drink flower wine?
Hahaha Sister Wen
Is that who you are?
Come on. It's my treat tonight.
Wait a minute.
Xu Wenjin is going to practice design with me today
No time to drink flower wine
Follow me oh my shoes
No time, no time
What am I doing?
Snap
forward push
Rear hand pull
aim
Right
open bow
That's it, you said you'd make it through
Have kung fu and those who are not three
Friends who are not four go to drink flower wine
Why don't you practice here?
Ah Fu Dingxiu
Aren't you going to teach me?
Why are you so worried when you see him injured?
Wake up.
Father jokes that he is a man, he is a man